updated documentation (#615)
scale-it/algo-builder: docs/guide/testing-teal.md

- `runtime.defaultAccounts()` returns a list of 16 pre-generated accounts with predefined addresses and keys, each with 1e8 microAlgos (100 Algos).
- `runtime.resetDefaultAccounts()` - will reset the state of all the Default Accounts.

The Default Accounts also require syncing, however its done in the same manner as the first creation of them (see the example above).

> For a better understading see the following example ([example](https://github.com/scale-it/algo-builder/blob/develop/examples/bond/test/bond-token-flow.js) or [example](https://github.com/scale-it/algo-builder/blob/master/examples/unique-nft-asa/test/test.js))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a better understanding see the following examples: [bond token test](https://github.com/scale-it/algo-builder/blob/master/examples/bond/test/bond-token-flow.js) or [unique asa test](https://github.com/scale-it/algo-builder/blob/master/examples/unique-nft-asa/test/test.js).
```
